Update instructions for use without a bundler (#358)
sindresorhus/ky: readme.md

#### How do I use this without a bundler like Webpack?

> Make sure your code is running as an ES module, for example by using a `<script type="module">` tag in your HTML document. Then Ky can be imported directly by that module without a bundler or other tools.

Reviewer: I don't think `ES module` is commonly used. How about this?

```suggestion
Make sure your code is running as a JavaScript module (ESM), for example by using a `<script type="module">` tag in your HTML document. Then Ky can be imported directly by that module without a bundler or other tools.
```
